Event page for Gems of the Year 2021 (#138)
obsidian-community/obsidian-hub: 01 - Community/Events/Gems of the Year 2021.md

3. Link to more work if available (for example, blog, YouTube channel, podcast page).

##### Workflow

Share a workflow write-up that you benefit from or your own.

Please provide the following information:

1. Author of the workflow;
2. Screenshot of the workflow (sensitive information can be garbled if necessary but should still show the gist of the setup);
3. Short write-up to describe the gist of the workflow (1,000 words max), please talk about what plugins you use, how you organize content, how do you process input and how do you output content if applicable;
4. Link to a longer write-up if available;
5. If it's not your own workflow and you're just nominating someone else's workflow, provide a short write-up how it helped you (300 words max).

##### Wins

Share your own or someone else's feat 

Please provide the following information:

1. Name;
2. Short write-up of what happened (500 words max);
3. If the person is not you, how do we contact them for their reward (website, blog, etc).

##### Participate via Twitter

For content creators, workflows, and wins, you can alternatively submit a link to your tweet or Twitter thread under the forum nomination thread. 

> Please make sure that your tweets contains the required information and also mentions the official account @obsdmd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure that your tweets contain the required information and also mention the official account @obsdmd.
```
